HyunJin matches really well with the fine weather of Taiwan!
'The weather is very nice!'
'Umm~ the wind~!'
'You know? I’m good at impersonating voices.'
'Patrick Star! (from SpongeBob SquarePants)'
'I love~ you~'
'SpongeBob! (from SpongeBob SquarePants)'
'Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha'
'Hima Nohara! (form Crayon Shin-chan)'
Suddenly she’s embarrased…
'I feel like crawling into a hole somewhere!'
'HaSeul!'
'SEAL~~'
Is she imitating HaSeul of this scene…??
'I saw HyunJin’s vocal mimicry of someone…'
'I’m going to impersonate HaSeul, too!'
'SEAL~~'
'But right next to her, HaSeul is watching HeeJin’s impersonating!!'
'It’s same~'
'Nope~!'
'HaSeul, please move your lips like ‘SEAL~' when I count to 3!'
'1, 2, 3'
'SEAL~~'